---
layout: post
title: A New Song
date: 2014-05-07 10:44 -0800
comments: true
categories: [authority psalms spiritual-warfare praise worship]
---

I'm determined to bring back discipline in my life. When chaos surrounds us, it's amazing how quickly our spiritual disciplines die. It's ironic, though. Its as though we identify the hardest routine to keep and decide to focus on the immediate priorities. I don't care if you're single or you have 9 kids, everyone understands what I'm talking about. Your week builds up and you begin to feel overwhelmed.

Let me just tell you something:
> When we let go of our spiritual disciplines, we thrust ourselves directly into "survival mode".

How many times do we need to do this before we learn? If you're wondering why you're feeling disconnected from God, if you're wondering why your passion is dying out, have you stopped to remember the last time you opened your bible or had a moment of worship outside of a Sunday morning? God isn't a genie. He isn't the type of father that will give you what you want when you finally decide to give Him your attention. If you're going to approach the throne room of the CREATOR OF THE UNIVERSE and ask for something that you want, I suggest you take a second to remember who it is that you're talking to.

Maybe we need to spend more time pursuing God. MAYBE if we spent more time seeking Him instead of complaining that He won't speak to us, there would be more opportunities for us to hear Him. MAYBE if we spent less time focusing on what He's doing in the lives of those around us, we would see what He's doing in front us.

This morning a good friend sent me a simple text:
> There is power in the name of the Jesus to break EVERY chain

This, of course, had me go watch this clip and get a little fired up:
<iframe width="420" height="315" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/knzBDptuHn8" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

I woke up with Psalm 144:9 on my heart and I had no idea why. So, I decided to read back a few verses again to get a little more context and I've got a smile from ear to ear now that I see what God has to say today.

### 1. Don't just worship Him, PRAISE Him

I may not have found myself running for my life, but I know that I've been at the end of myself too many times. In those moments, I fallback on worshipping our God out of pure desperation. If I were David, I think it would be REALLY easy for me to give up on life. This guy was chosen to be King. His calling in his life was affirmed by so many people and so many circumstances. He KNEW what God was going to do in his life. Next thing he knows, he's running for his life and he's in survival mode. 

But look at what David says:

    1      Blessed be the LORD my Rock, Who trains my hands for war,
    And my fingers for battle—
    2      My lovingkindness and my fortress,
    My high tower and my deliverer,
    My shield and the One in whom I take refuge,
    Who subdues my people under me.

    3      LORD, what is man, that You take knowledge of him?
    Or the son of man, that You are mindful of him?
    4      Man is like a breath;
    His days are like a passing shadow.

    5      Bow down Your heavens, O LORD, and come down;
    Touch the mountains, and they shall smoke.
    6      Flash forth lightning and scatter them;
    Shoot out Your arrows and destroy them.
    7      Stretch out Your hand from above;
    Rescue me and deliver me out of great waters,
    From the hand of foreigners,
    8      Whose mouth speaks lying words,
    And whose right hand is a right hand of falsehood.

    9      I will sing a new song to You, O God;
    On a harp of ten strings I will sing praises to You,
    10      The One who gives salvation to kings,
    Who delivers David His servant
    From the deadly sword.

At no point does David blame God. He doesn't even complain! Instead, He PRAISES our God for the good that He has done. And then he goes on to say that "I will sing a new song to You, O God". I started thinking about what He meant by this and why it was on my heart this morning. And then it hit me.

### 2. Praising God transforms our Heart

David calls it a "new song" because he is seeing God in a brand new way. He has been stripped of everything and instead of complaining about it, pointing fingers, or curling up in a ball he is choosing to PRAISE OUR GOD for the wonders of His love. He is taking a stand and saying: "God, I have no idea what you're up. I know that you have called me to be King and I know that it doesn't seem like that's even a possibility anymore, but I'm choosing to praise you for who I know you to be."

So praise Him! Praise Him for who you know Him to be. Praise Him for the things that He has done in your life. Praise Him simple because He is worthy to be praised! When we understand the POWER of our God, despite what our circumstances look like, our hearts are transformed and a NEW song is sung. We praise Him in a way that we have never praised because there is a new revelation of His love for us.

<br/>
And let me just remind you that there is power in the name of Jesus because EVERY knee shall bow and EVERY tongue shall confess:

> 9 Therefore God also has highly exalted Him and given Him the name which is above every name, 10 that at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of those in heaven, and of those on earth, and of those under the earth, 11 and that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.

